README.md, before:

# r/RoguelikeDev Does The Complete Roguelike Tutorial

![RoguelikeDev Does the Complete Roguelike Tutorial Event Logo](https://i.imgur.com/ksc9EW3.png)

At [r/roguelikedev](https://www.reddit.com/r/roguelikedev/) we're doing a dev-along following [The Complete Roguelike Tutorial](http://www.roguebasin.com/index.php?title=Complete_Roguelike_Tutorial,_using_python%2Blibtcod).

## Basic Info

- I'm using Java and my own  hacked-together version of [AsciiPanel](https://github.com/trystan/AsciiPanel) which uses sprites instead of ascii characters. Don't expect great code! I'm a hobbyist who learned from piecing together online tutorials.
- The only external library I'm using is [minlog](https://github.com/EsotericSoftware/minlog) by [Esoteric Software](https://github.com/EsotericSoftware), though this may change as the tutorial progresses.
- The tileset I'm using can be found [here](https://forums.tigsource.com/index.php?topic=14166.0) and is licensed under CC BY-SA.
- Play the latest release [here](https://github.com/Emmsii/roguelikedev-does-the-complete-roguelike-tutorial/releases).

## Requirements

- The only requirement to compile the code is [Java 1.8](https://www.java.com/en/download/).  

## Stills

#### Levels
*Basic Level*  
![Basic Level](https://i.imgur.com/LXchRRl.png)    

*Sparse Level*  
![Sparse Level](https://i.imgur.com/lgdDLOl.png)  

*Swamp Level*  
![Swamp Level](https://i.imgur.com/ESuSDpG.png)  

*Dark Level*  
![Dark Level](https://i.imgur.com/Le4XgFR.png)

Commit message:

Week 6 + Updated readme. + Fixed some bugs when equipping/unequipping/droping/picking up items. + Cleaned examine screen. + Equipment screen now shows all equipped items. + Removed effects loader. + Equipment can 'block' other equipment slots. + Loose screen only closes on escape key press. + Added more effects.

README.md, after:

# r/RoguelikeDev Does The Complete Roguelike Tutorial

![RoguelikeDev Does the Complete Roguelike Tutorial Event Logo](https://i.imgur.com/ksc9EW3.png)

At [r/roguelikedev](https://www.reddit.com/r/roguelikedev/) we're doing a dev-along following [The Complete Roguelike Tutorial](http://www.roguebasin.com/index.php?title=Complete_Roguelike_Tutorial,_using_python%2Blibtcod).

## Basic Info

- I'm using Java and my own  hacked-together version of [AsciiPanel](https://github.com/trystan/AsciiPanel) which uses sprites instead of ascii characters. Don't expect great code! I'm a hobbyist who learned from piecing together online tutorials.
- The game engine is based off the [Ascii Panel Tutorial](https://trystans.blogspot.co.uk/2016/01/roguelike-tutorial-00-table-of-contents.html), I've build upon it fo suit my needs.
- The only external library I'm using is [minlog](https://github.com/EsotericSoftware/minlog) by [Esoteric Software](https://github.com/EsotericSoftware).
- The tileset I'm using can be found [here](https://forums.tigsource.com/index.php?topic=14166.0) and is licensed under CC BY-SA. I've made a few additions and changes.
- Play the latest release [here](https://github.com/Emmsii/roguelikedev-does-the-complete-roguelike-tutorial/releases). Note it won't be stable and will likely crash.

## Requirements

- The only requirement to compile the code is [Java 1.8](https://www.java.com/en/download/).  

## Stills

#### Current State - Week 6
*Features FOV, UI, message log, items and creatures.*  
![Week 6](https://i.imgur.com/Pi98PKC.png)

#### Levels from Week 3
*Basic Level*  
![Basic Level](https://i.imgur.com/LXchRRl.png)    

*Sparse Level*  
![Sparse Level](https://i.imgur.com/lgdDLOl.png)  

*Swamp Level*  
![Swamp Level](https://i.imgur.com/ESuSDpG.png)  

*Dark Level*  
![Dark Level](https://i.imgur.com/Le4XgFR.png)
